5.11.1 (#35539)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.11.1

<!-- generated comparing v5.11.0..master -->

_Dec 20, 2022_

A big thanks to the 15 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 💅 @mnajdova added motion and shape design tokens to Material You package (#35384 and #35393).
- Many other 🐛 bug fixes, 📚 documentation, and ⚙️ infrastructure improvements.

### `@mui/material@5.11.1`

- [Chip] Fix hover and focus style with CSS Variables (#35502) @DimaAbr
- [InputLabel] Enable `size` prop overrides via TypeScript module augmentation (#35460) @MickaelAustoni
- [l10n] Change Kazakh locale name to match ISO-639-1 codes (#34664) @talgautb
- [TextField] Fix error focus style (#35167) @42tte

> - Bring `experimental_sx` back with error code (#35528) @siriwatknp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [core] Bring `experimental_sx` back with error code (#35528) @siriwatknp
```

Maybe?

### `@mui/utils@5.11.1`

- [Theme] Merge components and slots props (#35477) @siriwatknp

### `@mui/material-next@6.0.0-alpha.67`

- [Material You] Add motion design tokens (#35384) @mnajdova
- [Material You] Add shape design tokens (#35393) @mnajdova

### `@mui/joy@5.0.0-alpha.59`

- [Tooltip] Fix arrow does not appear (#35473) @siriwatknp
- [Input] Fix autofill styles (#35056) @siriwatknp
- [ChipDelete] Add onDelete prop to ChipDelete (#35412) @sai6855

### `@mui/base@5.0.0-alpha.111`

- [Button][base] Set active class when a subcomponent is clicked (#35410) @michaldudak
- [Popper][base] Fix Tooltip Anchor Element Setter (#35469) @sydneyjodon-wk

### Docs

> - [docs] migration-v4 `Select` component `onChange` event type (#35509) @tzynwang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [docs] Fixed the `Select` component `onChange` event type in the migration guide (#35509) @tzynwang
```
